Today I'm going to teach you how to create
the servers per strike
You have to be there.
throw cartels
at the library
this Tuesday
was installed
he will update
usability
this Tuesday
the one selected by strike
here the name of the serious server
and he remembers
to create themselves rolling by strike
the musician you have to have the
otherwise it will not create
the tutorial videos in October
Lula explains that.
this is a lot of thing that has nothing to do
you puzzle went past and beno udrih the seduc just ask you
but also there
There's more for the night.
now since then
you entered
so business then secret here or you have created
here is your job
I will not go in now that you like
He's going to make a mistake.
It will be the same
Required to connect
in itself
we will not leave here now for the show with 6 76
very easy you will have copied as folders
in a file
a good football
cefet and no pain
now you go there on the computer says with the partnership of programs
christine
every year they come here
here the patient
This one
that points
here is the damage
the local operation
your quota you will copy the return
sesi that is extracted as rural to copy that equivocation they had apitei
and hence why these three files
viking entity sergio amaral to oracle
was left to affect the former process of inquiry
substitute
then you will create
succeed
this time in the senate
here already taken
city ​​jackets
There you go.
now you're going to have it going
You will not have any more jobs.
of the regiment connecting
the farc and the senate for the players
to enter
you're right
Do you have to have foot or to
you for it
if you make my server
poodle ti-ti-ti
here are good consolidates
pres
prada we can select the states
among others by pure actions
on here
yes you can change this may not be
can offer the agreement can be if it is even
put your name said the senator
a van
There you dress in human milk.
Note
This is what is meant to be said
it's good the robbery
your own state your people
in the south of goiás
It's just here to go.
by the initial round
the goiás players will play here without fear people from other states will not
I'll be able to play there and cattle out there will be over 100 present.
Chick
if preserved if he suffers more from the city.
who were friends even from the state itself because
for other players go to ueg
I do not recommend it is the phrase that if you do not spend anything
but you need to create
for her to invite her friends even dalton vigh
It's 30 minutes
For who is in your city?
after charging means thirty also after throw of anticipation
now plead hdtv
but at 60 years of the entity
very simplistic
you need to invest more in the parts because today replacing it
go there in the possession of well being
how to create a shortcut
I hope not a shortcut
but fb hsm
in the past guarantees resources for the sector
the name of the good to serve already had
records
It's for you to film
I'll put the name here.
with little grandson
you will dictate
and is from the senate
the printed and keyword servers
records
of the Reuters
we have people gives an example equipment
the invitation was made
You put a semicolon
needs to be big
for bribes
that's it
You're feeling full bodied.
like this
It's very easy, you feel.
the cake was negative because they are very very very large
hence the correct question
it takes time
my blog
I'm still with you once
he's looking good
it was
when I came back at the end of October for twitter
registration from 21
will have my messi at such levels
for who wants to become
There's my twitter there too.
paulo 'azores silver who wants to recreate
was such behavior